Listen, uncle, please say hello.
This kid has been waiting for a long time, he not only bothered to rest.
Don't take it seriously for me. Are you still embarrassed about such a worthless thing?
After saying that, did I feel like shouting?
Or do you think my daughter is worthless?
Listen uncle, these things are not cheap.
This is more than five million! Five million,
Let me ask you, five million for five hundred yuan,
It's all a problem.
Stewardess, my message is heartfelt.
What the hell are you talking about?
Do you know how much energy the Qu family has?
Cao Zhi told the eldest son
I can tell you clearly
Our Cao family is the number one cow in Jiangzhou
Moreover, we are cooperating with Huaxing Chamber of Commerce to save you.
Compare with me too
Do you believe it or not?
It's all about me
I will ask Huaxing Chamber of Commerce to cancel the contract for you.
Wan Yun, stop talking nonsense
If someone from the Huaxing Chamber of Commerce hears it,
That would be big trouble
No need for Huaxing Chamber of Commerce to sell
I can kill him with my own hands
Main break
Stay here for me
Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little